# MilitaryRP
This is a gamemode where you Role-Play as 2 factions, United States Marines (USM), and German Military Forces (GMF), there are also 2 times, War Time, and Peace Time. During War Time, you are to be assigned to a post, and stick it. If the United States, or German attack, you must be ready for combat. During Peace Time, it is peace.. You are not to attack a single soul during that time period.   This is the first "Official" MilitaryRP that will stay in development. So far, off of my research, there is only 1 other one (That I've found),  here's a link: https://github.com/ChazNN/ChazNN-militaryrp but it doesn't seem like it's so much "in development" anymore, since he's not posted in 6 months, with no updates. I understand that programming does take a lot of time, but it shouldn't take 6 months to get at least a small update in there, or maybe he's decided to just hold off. Not sure, but either way, I'm going to have mine here, so if you're interested in making a "MilitaryRP" server, here's the gamemode, with "Factions" already completed. So, no need to create those pesky time-consuming "Factions"   Let's run over a few commands: /plywhitelist [Name] [Faction String] - This is your most likely most used command, it's what makes people able to make a new character, instead of Recruit, to Private, so that means they're "battle-ready". If you need to add yourself as a "General" (As I've pre-made that as the highest ranking Military Officer) then you'd simply do "/plywhitelist [Your Name Here] USMGEN" or for Germans: "/plywhitelist [Your Name Here] GMFGEN" if you want to know all of the Faction Strings, you can either go to "militaryrp/schema/factions" and read through all of the .lua files, or you can read the "Faction Strings.txt" I've left you in "militaryrp/". (It's where LICENSE, README, and changelogs are.)  /me [Text] - One of the most important, as-well as used commands. It shows yourself doing an action. (I.E. GEN. 1770 Michael salutes) That's what happened when I typed "/me salutes" It's essentially used when you're doing "PassiveRP" nothing more.  /ooc [Text] or // [Text] - "Out Of Character" chat. Use this when you're not in character. (I.E. /ooc I went too the aquarium today.) Or, you can use it to contact people if they're far away. (I.E. /ooc "Where are you at Private Johnson?", and PVT. Johnson could respon saying /ooc "I'm at HQ." Note: No need for the "") Nothing more to really be said about this command.  /charban [Char's Name] - *THIS COMMAND IS USED FOR ADMINS ONLY* It bans a character for a certain amount of time. (Meaning, you can "Load" into that character, and you have to either "Create" another, or just not play at all until that time is up.) It's possible to permanent character ban, so watch what you type.  /charunban [Char's Name] - *THIS COMMAND IS USED FOR ADMINS ONLY* It unbans a character. 'Nuff said.  /charsename [Person's Name] [New Name] - *THIS COMMAND IS USED FOR ADMINS ONLY* Someone use an inappropriate name? Just use this command, and change it.  /looc [Text] - This is "Local Out Of Character" chat, unlike "/ooc" not everyone can see this message, only the people around you. I've explain that "Out Of Character" chat is above.  /y [Text] - This makes your character yell. When using it, only people around you can hear you, like "/looc"  /w [Text] - Makes your character whisper, only people right next to you can hear you.  /plyunwhitelist [Name] [Faction String] - Just like "/plywhitelist" but it only takes away that "Faction"  That's about it for the "Major" commands that you'll really need to know, again if you encounter bugs, or glitches, please write an "Issue"    "Thanks, and I hope to continue updating, and developing this gamemode" - StardewPanda
